---
title: December 2nd, 2020
---

- Second day of trial roamresearch
- You only know what you make. Output is a way, or the only way, to test how much I know really.
- No hierarchy in the Luhmann note-taking system--> there is no limit to the structure, it can branch out and at the same time grow internally, because there is no predetermined scheme.
- Started watching [[ali abdaal]]'s video of [[The Second Brain - A Life-Changing Productivity System]] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OP3dA2GcAh8
	- Capture ideas whenever you can!
		- Means to capture [[shower ideas]]???
			- maybe a waterproof notebook like what [[ali abdaal]] got??
			- I also like the idea of putting a dry-erase marker by my tub and just write on the tile. Haha >w<
	- Slow burn rather than heavy lift
		- I tend to do heavy lift too. I like to allocate a huge chunk of time for something and end up procrastinating and doing nothing.
		- Intermediate packets= breakdown projects into baby steps. Articulate sparkles into small chunks and store them in the second brain- they can be turned into a substantial paragraph later
	- KEEP THE IDEAS MOVING rather than falling into the trap of perfectionism and getting stuck with the idea of the intricacy of the system.
	- The importance is the OUTPUT. It's not about WHAT is in your system.
	- There is NO perfect app or perfect note-taking system. [[A tool is only as good as how you use it]]
- BTW I ran into this really [[cute lamp]] today that I [[want to buy]]
-
- NIO made a dive today before market but soon bounced back into a deep V. Phew!
- Continue to read [[How to Read Stock Charts]]
-
- Bought an air fryer!
	- The bottom need to be big because you need to lay the ingredients out flat for enough surface area to allow air circulation