- [[200 crappy word a day]]
	- 今天没有风花雪月天马行空，只有讨钱。
	- Thank you so much for the registered dietitian job offer! Despite my excitement about the chance to work with Loblaw in this capacity, I’d love to discuss few details about the package composition before officially signing your offer.
	- First of all, I do want to bring to your attention that considering my 5 years of working experience as a dietitian in counselling, acute care, food service, community nutrition and long term care, plus my expansive skillsets and work performance, I am currently paid higher than a level 2 dietitian’s salary, which I do expect to be matched. I am confident that my transferable skills would bring great value to Loblaw, to name a few: data analysis (Python and recently SQL), extensive continuing education on motivational interviewing and my recent certification as a Canadian Certified Diabetes Educator (CTFNno: 0521012997). As a native Chinese speaker and a heavy social media user of both North American and Asian platforms, I am more than ready to attract a niche market that could generate revenue for the company with innovative programs. (Did I mention that my typing speed is 75+WPM with 95%+ accuracy?) From my past work, I have always had a great rapport and relationship with all departments including the foodservice/ back-of-house and the pharmacies, which ultimately feeds to team work efficiency. That being said, I am wondering whether you would be open to making the following adjustments:
	  increase the base salary to $76,300, 
	  raise the incentive target to 15%, 
	  increase the vacation to 4 weeks.
	- One more favor dare I ask, it would be awesome if you could kindly edit the offer letter to use my legal name instead (“Zhidie Zhuang”), which would thankfully save me few explanation letters in the citizenship application that I am currently going through.
	- I sincerely hope we can come to an agreement that is beneficial for both of us.